README.md, before:

=======
# ACCEPT

The ACCEPT Software is an image analysis package for the Automated CTC Classification, Enumeration and PhenoTyping.  
It is currently under active development for the EU Cancer-ID project. 

## Current Features:
* CTC Marker Characterization to quantify the expression of markers on pre-scored CTCs 
* CTC Full Detection tool in which all events in the images are segmented and can be analyzed

## Installation:
Download the latest installer for Mac or Windows [here](https://github.com/leoniez/ACCEPT/releases).  
Or execute ACCEPT.m with Matlab 2016b after downloading and extracting the latest release.  

## Documentation:
Documentation such as a manual and several use cases can be found on this [Wiki](https://github.com/leoniez/ACCEPT/wiki). 

## Bugs:
If you encounter any bugs, have a suggestion or improvement please open a Issue [here](https://github.com/leoniez/ACCEPT/issues).

## License:
GNU General Public License, Version 3. The license file can be found [here](https://github.com/LeonieZ/ACCEPT/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## Funding:
This project is funded by the EU IMI project # 115749-1 CANCER-ID.

Commit message:

Updated Readme file (added citation)

README.md, after:

=======
# ACCEPT

The ACCEPT Software is an image analysis package for the Automated CTC Classification, Enumeration and PhenoTyping.  
It is currently under active development for the EU Cancer-ID project. 

## Current Features:
* CTC Marker Characterization to quantify the expression of markers on pre-scored CTCs 
* CTC Full Detection tool in which all events in the images are segmented and can be analyzed

## Installation:
Download the latest installer for Mac or Windows [here](https://github.com/leoniez/ACCEPT/releases).  
Alternatively, execute ACCEPT.m with Matlab 2016b after downloading and extracting the latest release.  

## Documentation:
Documentation such as a manual and several use cases can be found on this [Wiki](https://github.com/leoniez/ACCEPT/wiki). 

## Bugs:
If you encounter any bugs, have a suggestion or improvement please open a Issue [here](https://github.com/leoniez/ACCEPT/issues).

## License:
GNU General Public License, Version 3. The license file can be found [here](https://github.com/LeonieZ/ACCEPT/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## Funding:
This project is funded by the EU IMI project # 115749-1 CANCER-ID.

## Citation:
If you use the software please cite:
[Zeune L, van Dalum G, Decraene C, Proudhon C, Fehm T, Neubauer H, et al. (2017) Quantifying HER-2 expression on circulating tumor cells by ACCEPT. PLoS ONE12(10): e0186562](https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0186562).
